Goofy AI game:

This app is a simple game implemented using pygame that has the following features:

1. The user sees different colored circles of different sizes (within a reasonable range so that, initially, there are at least 7 circles on the screen) on the screen. These circles are clickable.

2. A table is off to the right of the screen that keeps track of how many times each color has been clicked. 

3. The red circles will drift randomly in a direction. When they collide with another circle of any color or the wall, they will change direction.

4. The green circles have a large mass proportional to the area of the circle. They each attract other green circles in accordance with Newton’s Law of Gravitation. 

5. If a red circle collides with a green circle, the red circle should split into multiple smaller red circles; the amount of red circles is proportional to the area of the red circle. 

6. If the distance between two green circles is smaller than some small distance threshold for more than 2 seconds, they merge into a larger green circle with area equal to the sum of the areas of the two initial green circles. 

7. Whenever a circle is clicked, it should disappear. When the key “x” is pressed, a new circle should spawn in somewhere where they won’t collide with another circle. 

THINGS TO CONSIDER WHEN IMPLEMENTING:

-Class Structure: Each feature/functionality should be separated into a different class. Ex: a class for drawing (Draw), a class for running physics calculations (Physics), a class for handling user input (Controller), etc. Another suggestion that should tell you what kinds of classes should be present: a Circle class that includes info like position, color, mass, velocity, etc.

-Pygame: The program should use a single, mutable Model that defines the circle positions, game state, and nearly all other mutable info (like # circles clicked of each color) during one runtime. 

-Main loop: In general, the program should first register input, determine what should be changed (positions of circles, for example), and then draw whatever change has been made with the model. 

-To handle all physics calculations, use delta time, updating the acceleration acting on each body using newton’s second law and using v_f=v_i+a*dt to update the velocity and x_f=x_i + v*dt to update position. Consider the poisson invarient. 

Again, tasks should be split into DIFFERENT CLASSES, along with different functions and helper-functions. The code should be clear and readable. Functions should describe the input data types and purpose of the function. If a function is too large or complex, it should be split into multiple functions. 

There should be a file in the program that then uses instances of these classes to make high-level actions (primarily by calling lower-level functions from other classes).

IMPORTANT:
If there are ANY suggestions to improve the STRUCTURE of the program (ordering classes and functionality, etc), PLEASE inform me.


